WRR-22884: Fixed EditableScroller to not allow position change of hidden items (#1818)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- `sandstone/InputField` to receive focus properly when navigating with directional keys

> - `limestone/Scroller` with `editable` prop to ignore hidden elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` with `editable` prop to not move hidden items
```
